TC - test case
PrC - Pre-condition
STR - steps to reproduce
PoC - Post-conditions
ER - Expected result

TC 1
Name: Submitting text in text box

PrC: Open http://demoqa.com

STR:
1. Click on "Elements" card
2. Click on "Text box" in left "Elements" panel
3. Enter full name (for example "Tester Test Testing") into "Full Name" field
4. Enter correct form of email into "Email" field
5. Enter some address (Test address 15, 24) into "Current Address" field
6. Enter some address (Test address2 27, 15 ) into "Permanent Address" field
7. Click on "Submit" button

ER:
Text-box page
Under fields that was submitting appears output with entered
Name: (text that was entered in "Full Name" field)
Email: (text that was entered in"Email" field)
Current Address: (text that was entered in "Current Address" field)
Permanent Address: (text that was entered in "Permanent Address" field)

TC2
Name: Registration in the book store (impossible because of capch)

PrC: Open http://demoqa.com

STR:
1. Click on "Book Store Application" card
2. Click on "Login" button on top right corner of the book list
3. Click on "New User" button
4. Enter some first name in the field "First Name"
5. Enter some last name in the field "Last Name"
6. Enter some user name in the field "UserName"
7. Enter some password in the field "Password"
8. Set checkbox on a captcha
9. Click on "Register" button

ER:
Alert with message "User successfully registered" are shown

TC3
Name: Login to bookstore

PrC: Open http://demoqa.com

STR:
1. Click on "Book Store Application" card
2. Click on "Login" button on top right corner of the book list
3. Enter user name into "UserName" field (TestOfBook)
4. Enter some password in the field "Password" (123456Qwerty!)
5. Click on "Login" button

ER:
Profile page
Username of loged user are showed
List of books are showed

TC4
Name: Work with checkboxes

PrC: Open http://demoqa.com

STR:
1. Click on "Elements" card
2. Click on "Check box" in left "Elements" panel
3. Click on dropdown button near "Home" deck
4. Click on checkbox near Desktop deck
5. Click on checkbox near Notes file
6. click on dropdown button near Downloads deck
7. Click on checkbox Word File.doc

ER:
Step 4 - under block with Decks the text "You have selected : desktop notes commands" is shown
Step 5 - under block with Decks the text "You have selected : commands" is shown
Step 7 - under block with Decks the text "You have selected :" "wordFile" is shown